Query_id	query	
Q1	JavaScript engines were originally used only in web browsers, but are now core componentsof some servers and a variety of
Q2      C++ was designed with an orientation toward systems programming and embedded,resource-constrained software and large systems, with 
Q3      Oracle (and others) highly recommend uninstalling outdated and unsupported versions of Java, due to unresolved security issues in 
Q4      Measured service. Cloud systems automatically control and optimize resource use by leveraging a metering capability at some level 
Q5      Addition, subtraction, and multiplication are the same, but the behavior of division differs. There are two types of divisions in 
Q6      Conventionally, a modern computer consists of at least one processing element, typically a central processing unit (CPU) in the 
Q7      C is an imperative procedural language. It was designed to be compiled to provide low-level access to memory and language 
Q8      A blockchain is a decentralized, distributed, and oftentimes public, digital ledger consisting of records called blocks that is 
Q9      The majority of software is written in high-level programming languages. They are easier and more efficient for programmers 
Q10     PHP is a general-purpose scripting language geared towards web development. It was originally created by Danish-Canadian 
Q11     For hardware functions such as input and output and memory allocation, the operating system acts as an intermediary between 
Q12     he algorithm exists in many variants. Dijkstra's original algorithm found the shortest path between two given nodes,[6] but a more 
Q13     For each type T and each non-negative integer constant n, there is an array type denoted [n]T; arrays of differing lengths are thus
Q14     In the early-to-mid 1990s, most Websites were based on complete HTML pages. Each user action required a complete new page to be 
Q15     age and Brin used the former's basic HTML programming skills to set up a simple search page for users, as they did not have a web p
Q16     In the 2000s, the core industry centered on "AAA" games, leaving little room for riskier, experimental games. Coupled with the 
Q17     One key application of a smart home is to provide assistance to elderly individuals and to those with disabilities. These home 
Q18	Machine learning (ML) is the study of computer algorithms that can improve automatically through experience and by the use of data.
Q19	Object-oriented features have been added to many previously existing languages, including Ada, BASIC, Fortran, Pascal, and COBOL. 
Q20	Finally, it is worth noting that many real-world "regular expression" engines implement

